merged docs to CONTRIBUTING.md (#127)
onflow/flow-cli: CONTRIBUTING.md

- Code should be commented
- Code should pass all tests: `make test`

# CLI Guidelines

> This is a design guideline used for development of Flow CLI. Purpose of this guidline
> is to achieve consistency across new features and allow composability of commands that
> build the fundaments of great CLI design.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a design guideline used for the development of the Flow CLI. The purpose of this guideline is to achieve consistency across new features and allow composability of commands that build the fundamentals of great CLI design.
```

> > Whatever software you’re building, you can be absolutely certain that people will
> > use it in ways you didn’t anticipate. Your software will become a part in a larger
> > system—your only choice is over whether it will be a well-behaved part. - [Clig](https://clig.dev/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Whatever software you’re building, you can be absolutely certain that people will
> use it in ways you didn’t anticipate. Your software will become a part in a larger system
> — your only choice is over whether it will be a well-behaved part. - [Clig](https://clig.dev/)
```

# Human Interaction

> Our interaction with CLI is done by executing CLI commands and passing arguments
> and flags which need to be consistent. Consistency will allow interactions to
> be predictable and will with time feel natural even without resorting to reading instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our interaction with the CLI is done by executing CLI commands and passing arguments
and flags which need to be consistent. Consistency will allow interactions to
be predictable and will with time feel natural even without resorting to reading instructions.
```

## Commands
Be consistent across commands and subcommands. In case we define a subcommand we
should use `noun verb` pattern. **Don’t have ambiguous or similarly-named commands.**

> Naming and language should be same as used in Flow documentation. Use only
> lowercase letters, and dashes if you really need to. Keep it short.
> Users will be typing it all the time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Naming and language should be the same as used in the rest of Flow's documentation. 
Use only lowercase letters, and dashes if you really need to. Keep it short.
Users will be typing it all the time.
```

```
flow account
```

## Flags
Flags are **named parameters**, denoted with either a hyphen, and a
single-letter name (`-r`) or a double hyphen and a multiple-letter

> name (`--recursive`). Longer version is preferred for better readability

Reviewer: ```suggestion
name (`--recursive`). The longer version is preferred for better readability
```

> and simpler learning experience in the beginning but after users will
> probably start using the shorter version. Every flag should have a shorter
> version and they should be both presented in the help. Every flag that can
> have a default value should have a default value so users don’t have to specify
> all of them when not needed. Support flags following a value delimited by a space or
> equal (=) sign (ex: `--username test` or `--username=test`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and simpler learning experience in the beginning but after a while users will
probably start using the shorter version. 

Every flag should have a shorter version and they should be both presented in the help.
Every flag that can have a default value should have a default value 
so users don’t have to specify all of them when not needed. 

Support flags following a value delimited by a space or
equal (=) sign (ex: `--username test` or `--username=test`)
```

```
flow account get --filter "address"
```

Use common naming for default falgs such as:

`--log`: Logging level.

`--output`: Output format (JSON, inline etc...).

`-h, --help`: Help. This should only mean help. See the help section.

`--version`: Version.

## Arguments

> Arguments, or args, are positional parameters to a command. There should be as little
> arguments as possible because they make it hard for users to remember the sequence of arguments.
> Because they are relaying on position flags should be used where
> more than one argument would be required. Arguments should be one word
> verbs following general naming guideline. **Prefer flags to arguments**.
> 
> Use an argument for the value that command requires in order to run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Arguments, or args, are positional parameters to a command. 
There should be as few arguments as possible, because it is hard for users to remember the sequence of arguments.

Because they are relying on position, flags should be used where more than one argument would be required. 

Arguments should be one word verbs following general naming guideline. 
**Prefer flags to arguments**.

Use an argument for the value that command requires in order to run.
```

```
flow account get <address>
```

## Robustness
CLI should feel robust. Long operation should also provide output as they are processing.
**Responsivness is more important than speed.**

Warn before you make a non-additive change. Eventually, you’ll find that you can’t
avoid breaking an interface. Before you do, forewarn your users in the program itself:
when they pass the flag you’re looking to deprecate, tell them it’s going to change soon.
Make sure there’s a way they can modify their usage today to make it
future-proof, and tell them how to do it.

# Computer Interaction

> CLI will respond to execution of commands by providing some output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CLI will respond to execution of commands by providing some output.
```

Output should with the same reasons as input be consistent and predictable,
even further it should follow some industry standards and thus allow great strength
of CLI use: composability. Output should be served in the right dosage. We shouldn't
output lines and lines of data because we will shadow the important part the same
way we shouldn't let the CLI command run in background not providing any output for
minutes as it is working because the user will start to doubt if the command is broken.
It's important to get this balance right.

## Interaction
Commands must be stateless and idempotent, meaning they can be run without relying on external state.

> If we have some external state like config each command must include an option to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If we have some external state, like the configuration, each command must include an option to
```

> define it on the fly, but it must also work without by first relaying on the externally

Reviewer: ```suggestion
define it on the fly, but it must also work without it by first relying on the externally
```

> saved state in config and if not found relaying on default value. If when relaying on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
saved state in the configuration, and if not found, relying on a default value.
```

> default value the value creates an error there should be an explanation for the user
> that config must be created. We try to use default values first to get that “works like magic” feeling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When relying on a default value results in an error, there should be an explanation for the user that a configuration should be created. 

We try to use default values first to get that “works like magic” feeling.
```

> Never require a prompt for user input. Always offer a flag to provide that input,
> however if a user doesn't provide required input we can offer a prompt as an alternative.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Never require a prompt for user input. Always offer a flag to provide that input.
However, if a user doesn't provide required input we can offer a prompt as an alternative.
```

Commands should have a description that is not too long (less than 100 characters).
Help should be outputed if command is ran without any arguments. Help outline should be:

```Description:
    <description>

Usage:
    <command> <action>

Examples:
    An optional section of example(s) on how to run the command.

Commands:
    <command>
        <commandDescription>
    <command>
        <commandDescription>
    …

Flags:
    --<flag>
        <flagDescription>
    --<flag>
        <flagDescription>
    …
```

## Progress
Show progress for longer running commands visually. Visual feedback on longer
running commands is important so users don’t get confused if command is running
or the CLI is hang up resulting in user quitting.

```
Loading 0x1fd892083b3e2a4c...⠼
```

## Feedback
Commands should provide feedback if there is no result to be presented.
If a command completes an operation that has no result to be shown it
should write out that command was executed. This is meant to assure the user
of the completion of the command.
If user is executing a destructive command they should be asked for approval

> but this command should allow passing confirmation with a flag --yes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
but this command should allow passing confirmation with a flag `--yes`.
```

```
💾 result saved to: account.txt 
```

## Exit
CLI should return zero status unless it is shut down because of an error.
This will allow chaining of commands and interfacing with other cli. If a

> command is long running then provide description how to exit it (press ctrl+c to stop).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
command is long running then provide description how to exit it (e.g. "Press Ctrl+C to stop").
```

# CLI Guidelines
This is a design guideline used for the development of the Flow CLI. The purpose of this guideline is to achieve consistency across new features and allow composability of commands that build the fundamentals of great CLI design.

> Whatever software you’re building, you can be absolutely certain that people will
> use it in ways you didn’t anticipate. Your software will become a part in a larger system
> — your only choice is over whether it will be a well-behaved part. - [Clig](https://clig.dev/)

# Human Interaction

Our interaction with the CLI is done by executing CLI commands and passing arguments
and flags which need to be consistent. Consistency will allow interactions to
be predictable and will with time feel natural even without resorting to reading instructions.

## Commands
Be consistent across commands and subcommands. In case we define a subcommand we
should use `noun verb` pattern. **Don’t have ambiguous or similarly-named commands.**
Naming and language should be the same as used in the rest of Flow's documentation. 
Use only lowercase letters, and dashes if you really need to. Keep it short.
Users will be typing it all the time.

```

> flow account

Author: ```suggestion
flow accounts
```

```

## Flags
Flags are **named parameters**, denoted with either a hyphen, and a
single-letter name (`-r`) or a double hyphen and a multiple-letter
name (`--recursive`). The longer version is preferred for better readability
and simpler learning experience in the beginning but after a while users will
probably start using the shorter version. 

Every flag should have a shorter version and they should be both presented in the help.
Every flag that can have a default value should have a default value 
so users don’t have to specify all of them when not needed. 

Support flags following a value delimited by a space or
equal (=) sign (ex: `--username test` or `--username=test`)

```

> flow account get --filter "address"

Author: ```suggestion
flow accounts get --filter "address"
```

```

Use common naming for default falgs such as:

`--log`: Logging level.

`--output`: Output format (JSON, inline etc...).

`-h, --help`: Help. This should only mean help. See the help section.

`--version`: Version.

## Arguments
Arguments, or args, are positional parameters to a command. 
There should be as few arguments as possible, because it is hard for users to remember the sequence of arguments.

Because they are relying on position, flags should be used where more than one argument would be required. 

Arguments should be one word verbs following general naming guideline. 
**Prefer flags to arguments**.

Use an argument for the value that command requires in order to run.

```

> flow account get <address>

Author: ```suggestion
flow accounts get <address>
```
